writline is use for new line
write is used instead to display in a line format
foreach is used to fetch the data directly without giving the address
parse to convert the datatype
tryparse use to remove the runtime exception occur 
No need to use parse for string.
String can read anything even special characters.
difference between convert and parse are in convert bool will return a number i.e 0,1
String is immutable(We cannnot modify the string.
In String if we use compare method it will shows 3 results :a) 0 =if the string if equals, b) 1= if the string 1 have more length than string 2, c)-1 = if string 2 have more length than string 1.
enumumerator to read the characters.  
== it is operator and return bool value use to compare the refer the memory location.
Equal it is method and retuen bool vlaue and used to 
enum = enumarated pre defined data type.used to extract the value.set of name interger constant.
getvalue or default is only for nullable method.

Value= uses stack memory,holds the data within its own memory(new keyword is not used here)
reference type= uses heap memory,contians pointer to the memory location that holds the data. Eg:-string(But they have like value type),object

"this" pointer is used to eliminate the ambiguity between name and parameter name.
Destructor to deallocate the memory space.memory delocation cannot be seen in output.
constructor are ussed to allocate memory space. there are 3 types of constructor that are default, parameterized,copy.

Inheritance:
Derived the code from old class to new class.
Code 


protected, private and public = difference

void = no need of return.
other than void we have to compute it by "return" key word.

FOR non-static method object is needed.n number of object.
for static method refering the class name without object.it can call only ones.
Static class cannot be instantiated.
statuc class


POLYMORPHISM:- Compile time/early binding/static polymorphism/function overloading.
properties shoo=uld be always public.
"autogenetrated prop method: type prop + space +tab(2times)"

method hiding = 1)same method can be used by using new keyword.
                2)used to hide the method.


things to do:=
1. struct keyword
2. enum
3.boxing and unboxing

.dll=dynamic link library
.exe=executable file




